DP-23017: Document how to debug twig templates (#1038)
massgov/openmass: docs/drupal_twig_debugging.md

# Drupal Twig Debugging

[Drupal.org: Debugging Twig templates](https://www.drupal.org/docs/theming-drupal/twig-in-drupal/debugging-twig-templates)

## Locating Template files

[Drupal.org: Locating Template Files with Debugging](https://www.drupal.org/node/2358785)

### For Mass.gov

1. Uncomment the Twig debugging lines in the file `docroot/sites/default/services.local.yml`.
2. Clear the cache by running `ddev drush cr`.

**Note: Don't commit changes to the `services.local.yml` file.**

## Viewing variables

[Drupal.org: Viewing variables](https://www.drupal.org/docs/theming-drupal/twig-in-drupal/debugging-twig-templates#s-viewing-variables)

### For Mass.gov using Xdebug

Initial setup:

> 1. [Setup Xdebug](https://github.com/massgov/openmass#xdebug) for your IDE.

Reviewer: this link points to a broken link and the instruction doesn't work https://github.com/massgov/openmass/blob/.env.example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Enable xdebug in ddev by running `ddev xdebug on`.  See [PHP Step Debugging](https://ddev.readthedocs.io/en/stable/users/step-debugging/) for ddev specific setup instructions and how to configure your IDE
```
